# texxastube
YouTube-clone-based project to create a website that will showcase/feature rap and corridos urbanos from Texas. Although there are many artists active in San Antonio, Houston, Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, El Paso, Corpus Christie, Laredo, the Valley, West Texas, and other areas of the state, it's difficult for fans of Texas music to discover them because the available platforms are saturated and unlocalized. For instance, if you type "san antonio rappers" into a search engine, depending on which one you use, it will show a fandom.com page with a hip-hop database that lists about 70 artists. This is a curated list, and it is missing alot of locally popular rappers and doesn't show if the ones it names are still active. On bing.com it lists a site called satownhiphop.com that has a much more extensive list, but there are alot of published artists missing from there too. That site is locally-based and it says they are adding names regularly. In their defense, it is no easy job to catalog the hip-hop scene in that city
# texxastube
YouTube-clone-based project to create a website that will showcase/feature rap and corridos urbanos from Texas. Although there are many artists active in San Antonio, Houston, Austin, Dallas, Fort Worth, El Paso, Corpus Christie, Laredo, the Valley, West Texas, and other areas of the state, it's difficult for fans of Texas music to discover them because the available platforms are saturated and unlocalized. For instance, if you type "san antonio rappers" into a search engine, depending on which one you use, it will show a fandom.com page with a hip-hop database that lists about 70 artists. This is a curated list, and it is missing alot of locally popular rappers and doesn't show if the ones it names are still active. On bing.com it lists a site called satownhiphop.com that has a much more extensive list, but there are alot of published artists missing from there too. That site is locally-based and it says they are adding names regularly. In their defense, it is no easy job to catalog the hip-hop scene in San Antonio. I ran an internet radio station on Live365 called 210RapRadio a few of years ago, and although I had a playlist of a couple hundred artists and a hard drive with at least a hundred more, I found out about more almost daily - and I mean real musicians with albums and at least moderate fan bases. For someone attempting to list everbody, there is no way except to hit the streets or rely on social media. There's no centralized place to look. Wikipedia lists 8, and 1 of them is Shaquille O'Neal 🤣.
It's easier to find Houston rappers, but unless they were associated with DJ Screw, SwishaHouse, or Rap-A-Lot their names will be buried under pages of Google that push music from 10-20 years ago to the top. The YouTube search bar does a little better, but unless artists put their city in the song title or know how to tag locations in their video upload settings, they will not come up. Most people searching for Texas music don't know how to use search operators, and Topic pages created by YouTube for artists that are published by DistroKid, etc, don't have locality data included. Most rappers don't know anything about SEO keywords, so the result is a huge hole in the market that can be filled by creating a site that runs like YouTube on the interface but is managed in the backend to organize channels by city, and has an upload layout that is structured to guide artists or their admins through the process. The rest would be about making the public aware of the site.
